Nonsense
deceive the public
main
What to do with this beast that eats inside and out?
Blood Jade Gate is like this today
It's really my responsibility.
Your responsibility
What does Xueyumen have to do with you?
You take yourself too seriously.
I'm dead today
I will also make you an escort
Today I will clear the door for the Lord
Lord, you are crazy when you are a dog
Recognize a waste as a master
Ximen Bao, as the second elder of the Blood Jade Sect
Even the master is here, you still dare to make trouble
He is the king of blood jade
Hmm impossible
Absolutely impossible
Nothing is impossible in me
This is the blood jade prince
You really are the king of blood jade
You're not dead, none of you traitors are dead
How could this king die?
Report to the Lord
The Blood Jade Sect traitor you asked me to investigate
Already have an eye
Say subordinates to find out
The Traitor in the Blood Jade Gate
It is suspected that it has a close relationship with Lei Qianjue
Hahaha you two idiots
Be confident and remove the suspicion.
That's what I did back then